(One Night Two Days)
(A sunny fall day)
(The morning sun sparkles.)
(Thanks to the light fall breeze,)
(it's a good day to be outside.)
(Where are they going today?)
(They gather today under the blue sky.)
Hello.
(They seem excited.)
- Hello. - Hi.
Should I give someone a call?
What's with the cardigan?
I returned from China...
to a much chillier weather.
It's cold in the morning.
Tell me about it.
I recommend the mountain marathon.
- Really? - Try it.
- Did you have fun? - You'll soon heat up.
(He runs and runs.)
(There's no downhill.)
(We're just glad he made it back alive.)
- Even my brain heated up. - Did you finish it?
- Of course. - I heard he had fun.
- I see. - So what are we...
supposed to do today?
"Today you're off to Hongcheon."
"You'll find out the theme on your way."
"There are two ways to get there."
"Please choose which car you wish to take."
(Jong Min doesn't understand it.)
We'll be divided into two teams.
These are our rides.
The curtains are drawn in the back.
We'll choose one by one.
It's like that other time.
Could one of it be malfunctioning?
What do we do then? Who'll go first?
- Dong Gu, you go first. - What?
- Why me? - You rarely complain...
- so go first. - That's right.
What do you say to me, Joon Ho, and Jong Min...
being a team again?
No, thank you.
- Fine. - I won't allow it.
I won't be on your team though.
Give us another chance.
That'd be delightful for us.
- I won't allow it. - Me neither.
We might end up doing a commercial.
- What? - He said commercial.
Stop looking at me.
We should team up again.
You might shoot a naengmyeon commercial.
That's right. A naengmyeon commercial.
- Naengmyeon. - Yes, naengmyeon.
- All right. - Let's be rational.
- We could. - Get on bus number one.
As you can see, there's an eagle on the back.
It seems to be heading to the army.
(The eagle makes a statement.)
That's perfect for you.
Meanwhile, that reminds me of a theater.
(Joon Ho takes a good look at them.)
Between the 2 buses, only 1 is a rental.
(They're both rentals.)
Wait, they're both rentals.
- Joon Ho? - I choose the right bus.
The bus on the right.
- The one on the right? - Yes.
That means he'll get on the left bus.
Right.
(Stealthy)
The sun is blazing.
They're in different directions.
- So... - What?
- What was that? - That came from there.
Anyone can tell that it came from the left.
- Tell me about it. - He could've yelled,
then head across.
(Joon Ho wasn't scheming though.)
(He yelled for no reason.)
What is this?
(He's disappointed.)
There's nothing here.
- Let that team go first. - Sure, go ahead.
- Okay. - Dong Gu, go.
He's going in the other direction.
No, Dong Gu will go to Joon Ho.
He likes this team.
He's been doing well on it too.
He likes teasing Joon Ho and Jong Min.
Yes, exactly.
(Which team will Dong Gu be on?)
(They're on different buses.)
(They fail to join forces again.)
- Go ahead. - Jong Min, go.
(Lastly, Jong Min will choose.)
Go ahead.
Can we watch which bus you choose?
Why?
I'd like to see which bus you choose.
What now?
(The fool is always cheerful.)
I'm confusing you three.
(It doesn't confuse them at all.)
(Jong Min hops on to the bus on the left.)
(Who will he team up with?)
(Hi, Dong Gu!)
(He's worried that someone might notice.)
- Did you hurt your back? - Yes.
I shouldn't have run.
(The result of his meaningless running)
Two are on the same team while...
Jong Min is on his own.
- Is he on the right bus? - I think so.
I'll get going then. All right.
(Which bus should I choose?)
This will change my destiny today.
My fate hangs in the balance.
He yelled from over here.
I don't care as long as the car is functioning.
We don't need air-conditioning anyway.
(Which bus will Defconn choose?)
Did he choose?
Which one will it be? The right or the left?
Jong Min went on this bus.
You never know.
I'm choosing this one too.
(They want to avoid Jong Min.)
(Who will Joon Young meet on the left bus?)
Jong Min better not be here.
Yes!
(The team has been filled.)
(He's on cloud nine.)
(He's happy to not be on your team!)
It's because of you.
(Laughing)
(Meanwhile Tae Hyun...)
No one's here.
(The bus in empty.)
What... Oh my gosh!
(Honey!)
Gosh, you startled me.
- No way. - Am I invisible to you?
Unbelievable.
(Joon Young joins the two who are upset.)
Jong Min's on that team!
Didn't you want me here?
- This is good. - Unbelievable.
You made us think someone was here.
Exactly. We thought there'd be a guest.
- That's what I thought. - I can't believe you.
This is the worst team you can ask for.
If you look at our dynamic...
- We're not the best. - No.
We'll get to see...
us two with Defconn instead of Joon Ho.
- That's right. - We'll see what happens.
If we win this week,
it proves that Joon Ho is our weakest link.
Are you Team Neubdari because Joon Ho is old?
Is it?
- Is that it? - No, it's just Neubdari.
(Now that they're divided into teams,)
(the two buses take off. However...)
(There are signs that the members didn't see.)
Hold on. We're not going the same way.
(Defconn spots the sign.)
The sign reads "Slow Bus to Hongcheon".
- Slow? - That's right.
Could it mean that they're in luck today?
(Their destinies have been chosen.)
What does it mean though?
An express bus means that there aren't any stops.
A slow bus is the opposite of that.
- Really? - Is it like a slow train?
I think so.
(Then we'll get there faster!)
What's going on?
It's like we're going in circles.
- We'll make a short stop. - What?
(The bus stops for a while.)
(What's going on?)
What's that? Hold on.
- Who is it? - Hello!
(Mysterious guests approach their bus.)
(Who are they?)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hold on.
Hi.
Hello.
(My gosh!)
(The never-ending stream of guests)
What's going on?
What is this?
- My gosh! - Shin Young!
(They keep on coming.)
You've got to be kidding me.
(Familiar faces keep boarding the bus.)
What's going on?
Aren't they supposed to be on another show?
Our bus must be the real deal.
It must be.
(My goodness!)
- Unbelievable. - Please take your seats.
No way.
(The guests await the slow bus.)
Miss. I see you, Narsha.
Shin Young!
- My gosh. - It's nice to see you.
- How have you been? - You look adorable.
- You really do. - Hi!
Ha Ra, my goodness.
My gosh.
- Welcome. - Hi.
Ha Ra, hi.
("Invincible Youth", the farm life variety show)
(Shin Young was the entertainer of the group.)
(The adorable Koo Ha Ra was 19 at the time.)
(Narsha was bold enough...)
(to rap in front of the elderly.)
(Ha Ra was Narsha's biggest fan.)
(Back then, they were thick as thieves.)
- It's been so long. - I know.
Isn't the hat out of style?
It's too much with the skirt and everything.
It's how fashionistas dress these days.
It really has been a long time.
How long has it been?
- How old are you now? - I'm 27.
You're now 27?
We met 7 years ago, so you were 20.
I was her age when we shot "Invincible Youth".
- Really? - Truth be told...
- Gyeong Ree! - Hello.
- Hi. - Hello.
(She's charismatic on stage.)
This is me forcing to look sexy.
(On variety shows, she's honest and charming.)
- Hello. - Hello.
(She's a member of...)
(a sweet and adorable girl group.)
I know what it is.
(Yu Ra's now a rising star in variety shows.)
We'll be on One Night Two Days today.
(They seem somewhat distant.)
It's still a bit awkward though.
(Awkward)
Isn't there someone else?
Yes, the youngest will be joining us later.
I hear she's very busy.
(The "Music Bank" dressing room)
(Who is the youngest member or their group?)
- We should do something. - To kill the awkwardness.
Let's say who we like and don't like.
- We'll vote. - Sure.
- Can I say it out loud? - Only who's last.
Yes, only who's last.
- Well... - If we must.
- Right now? - Yes, we can do this.
Do we gather around?
- Who is it? - The least preferred.
Okay.
(Who did they choose?)
- I see. - Right.
- I can't believe it. - Joon Young.
- Luck found you again. - Are you a team?
We were on "Invincible Youth".
The three of us were on "Invincible Youth".
These two weren't.
- "Invincible Youth"? - No way.
Are you all...
- only on this bus? - Yes, only this one.
Is the other team going to Hongcheon...
all by themselves then?
(Boring)
(The express bus is nothing but boring.)
(Tae Hyun calls those on the express bus.)
(He's excited to tease them.)
I'll show you what's going on.
Someone must've joined them.
Here's one.
He's not smiling anymore.
- That's our screenwriter. - Don't be absurd.
(Tae Hyun shows them the back of their heads.)
Look at her long straight hair.
(Giggling)
(Adorable, my gosh)
Look at their faces.
(Why do they seem so happy?)
Show them.
(Last but not least, the fourth guest)
Are they idol singers?
Of course they are.
Who recently came out of hiatus?
A four-member girl group.
- Four members? - That's right.
I think it's Blackpink.
I made the wrong choice. The slow bus is better.
Just think that you're on a school trip...
and have fun.
Gyeong Ree played my girlfriend once.
- Really? - In a music video?
- Yes, on the show... - The video by Unnies.
(They played the role of a couple.)
(They even nearly kissed.)
You must be close then.
Yes, I guess.
You don't text often though.
(Dazed)
I don't even know your number.
(Embarrassed)
Isn't it tough to be in a group...
and also fly solo?
Narsha collapsed while weeding a field once.
- Really? - She was exhausted.
We harvested chilies and jujube.
We even drove a tractor.
Yes, that's right.
Don't you have any fun memories?
(We're starting to worry.)
We only remember the hard chores.
(Another unhappy memory is brewing...)
(in the silent express bus.)
(Silence)
(I want to meet the girl group.)
What are you worried about the most today?
I'm worried that I won't get fed.
I'm worried about that too.
Meals and sleeping situations.
It'll be cold outside tonight.
It gets pretty cold.
- It's not that bad. - Does it go below zero?
It snowed in May in Hongcheon.
You're lying.
It really did snow.
Shin Young, please.
- It's true. - You shouldn't lie.
Tae Woo told me so himself.
I accused him of lying,
but he wasn't.
He probably means it's that cold.
Narsha, give Tae Woo a call then.
Hold on a second. Let's bet on it first.
Losers will get slapped on the neck.
Who believes that it snowed in May?
- Me. - I'll bet on that.
- You too? - Yes.
So it's Gyeong Ree, me, and Joon Ho.
You should call the weather service.
Can't we look it up?
I can call the village foreman.
Do you have his number?
Yes, we kept in touch.
Really?
(Former village foreman Lee Wang Gu)
(He still remains as a legendary entertainer.)
Wang Gu, it's Shin Young.
My gosh, Shin Young!
(No way!)
Right.
Wang Gu, there's something I'd like to ask.
- In Hongcheon. - Yes?
Did it snow in May?
In May, we normally get hail and sleet.
- He said sleet. - It's not snow though.
Snow and sleet are completely different.
- Ask if it snowed once. - Didn't it snow once...
when we were there?
(Well?)
Of course.
(Joyous)
(Miserable)
Thank you. What did I tell you?
You were right.
I never doubted you.
Gyeong Ree, give me five.
I told you to trust me.
- Tae Hyun. - What now?
I'll aim at your Adam's apple.
- No way. - That's so annoying.
- His Adam's apple. - That'll hurt.
Oh no.
(His Adam's apple takes the hit.)
(He's never felt this kind of pain before.)
Who's next?
- I only aim at one place. - Sure.
She doesn't have one.
- It's right here. - Do women have one too?
I'm scared!
(Help me...)
No, not there.
(It ends with a nice slap on the neck.)
That was nice.
Ha Ra has already offered her forehead.
- Are you all right? - Are you?
- Yes, I am. - You know,
I'll try not to upset you.
(A shy slap)
(Laughing)
Her forehead's so round...
that it's perfect to slap.
My gosh.
(Gyeong Ree hits Joon Young.)
(It doesn't hurt, but he feels awful.)
I'm going for your sideburns.
- What? - Sideburns?
My extensions will come out.
- A neck slap then. - Let's go with that.
(She's nervous.)
(Gosh!)
(What a nice sound!)
(Shin Young is great at these penalties.)
You're really good at this.
- I'm fine. - It doesn't hurt though.
I told you that it snows in May.
- Wang Gu... - That's not why...
I was so surprised though.
Was it Wang Gu?
- Yes. - Wang Gu?
I can't believe you actually called him.
It seemed so natural.
He was delighted to hear your voice as well.
I met that actress,
and she looked me in a meaningful way.
(Who is this actress?)
(Jong Min's already delighted.)
(She answered!)
Hello?
- Hello. - It's her.
- Se Young. - Yes?
(Lee Se Young from "The Best Hit")
I heard something about you recently.
(His cheekbones are up in the sky.)
A friend of mine...
- said that... - She fancies me.
He said that...
you looked at him in a romantic way.
- Me? - Yes. Hold on a second.
Call her by her name.
- Right. - Ask how she's doing.
How have you been?
(Cheesy)
Are you Joon Ho?
She thinks he's Joon Ho!
She doesn't know who you are.
Se Yong.
- She doesn't know you. - Jong Min?
See?
- It was obvious. - Of course it's you.
Hi, Se Young.
Hello.
Do you remember the scene...
- we did together? - Sure.
I knew it. You looked at me like...
you were interested.
So...
I played the role of a blind woman.
Her character was blind.
(Jong Min saw what he wanted to see.)
That's more like it.
(Her character had impaired vision,)
(but Jong Min still got excited.)
No wonder.
I'm sorry.
(He put her on a tough spot.)
I really had no choice.
You should visit our show sometime.
Everyone loves you.
- Go, Se Young. - Go!
- Good luck. - Bye.
We talked to her thanks to Dong Gu,
but I'm still quite lonely.
(They don't know what loneliness is.)
Are you sure?
Are you leaving early tonight?
Of course not.
We're going to stay the night.
- Until morning? - Of course.
I wonder how Driver Lee is doing.
I'm sure he's fine.
Who is Driver Lee?
- Driver Lee. - Oh, him.
He was our driver.
He was our driver and manager.
- He's sweet but... - But not when he's drunk.
He always drank though.
That's right.
He never got red in the face though.
He was a good dancer too.
That's right.
He would organize everything for us.
- He was your guide. - Right.
You always went to the same place,
so you made a lot of memories there.
Of course.
(It's been an hour on the road.)
(Everyone's exhausted, so they sleep.)
(Especially her)
(Giggling)
(It's as if her soul has left her body.)
(She has let her guard down.)
(She's still pretty though.)
(The chatter woke her up.)
(She acts as if she never slept.)
He always sleeps because he plays games all night.
(That leaves us with no choice.)
(We'll have to wake him up.)
(Me?)
(It's all right.)
(She let's Shin Young do it instead.)
You do it.
(This is easy.)
(Take that!)
(Annoyed)
(Laughing)
I can't believe he's drooling.
- Joon Ho. - He's hilarious.
I think he's having a nightmare.
Right.
Who was it? Tell me right now.
It was Ha Ra.
(Is that so?)
My behind hurts.
I'm the Master of Revenge, so you better watch out.
- Is he for real? - Show us.
(They finally arrive at their destination.)
It must be someone you know.
- I don't think so. - I have no idea.
The weather's definitely much cooler now.
Tae Hyun was clueless,
so it has to be a girl group.
- Right. - Let's take a photo.
Lower your head, so you're in the frame.
(Hongcheon River Observatory)
(They manage to take a picture.)
Gosh, that's so bad.
We look awful.
How upset we are shows.
- Let's just sit. - Photos never...
lie.
(We're the unhappiest trio.)
What's taking them so long?
(Their clock couldn't go any slower.)
They seemed to be having a good time.
It has to be a girl group.
- Of course. - Here they come.
Here they come.
(Finally, a bus shows up.)
Hey, it's coming.
It's here.
Hey, keep calm.
You're the one who is the most excited.
Cross your legs.
Try to look cool.
The three are sitting over there.
- They're sitting there. - They're already here.
So it's...
(He ends up ducking out.)
We should welcome them.
(Their hearts flutter.)
I wonder who they are. Who could they be?
Should we stand here?
- Don't be like that. - He's right.
Stop overreacting.
You're giving them pressure.
Let's be looking this side.
Can I have some walnut cookies?
Can I go to the restroom?
My whole body aches.
Should we get off first?
(The members get off the bus first.)
Where are we now?
- Hey! - It's you.
Stop pretending to be happy.
They're acting.
They're just pretending.
You guys look so down.
We had so much fun.
Why do you guys look so down?
- It was amazing. - How have you been?
Was it really fun?
It was more like...
sweet. It was lovely.
- Lovely. - Exactly.
Did they feel the same way?
- Why don't you ask them? - They're coming now.
Who are they?
(Expectant)
- Shin Young! - Hello.
- Hello. - Shin Young.
- Hi. - Welcome!
- Nice to see you. - You've lost your weight.
- Hi. - You've become so skinny.
I'm a big fan of yours.
You guys could have welcomed me more.
- Who is it? - It's Koo Ha Ra.
- Ha Ra! - Hello!
- Hello. - It's Ha Ra!
Say hi to her.
You're acting so differently.
- I didn't. - Welcome!
Dong Gu, you too go say hi to her.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Ha Ra, welcome! - She's so pretty.
Here comes the next one.
Narsha!
- Narsha. - Look, he's not moving.
- She's married. - You're unbelievable.
- She's a married woman. - Welcome.
- Narsha. - Hello.
You're married.
- Excuse me? - You're married.
- So what? - I mean...
She can still be a guest.
- Why does that matter? - Narsha.
I feel like we're having Strong Girls Special.
- No. - Am I wrong?
- Yes, you are. - There are more left.
There she comes.
- Yu Ra. - Yu Ra.
- It's Yu Ra. - Hello.
Yu Ra.
- Hello. - Yu Ra.
Why are you coming forward?
You're blocking the camera.
Step aside.
Welcome, Yu Ra.
Don't you see the cameraman?
Why do you keep showing your back?
It's an interesting combination.
What do you have in common?
- There are more coming. - Be patient.
- There are more? - It's amazing.
The next guest is related to beer?
A beer girl is coming.
- A beer girl? - A beer girl.
Jong Min! It's Gyeong Ree!
- It's Gyeong Ree! - It is Gyeong Ree.
- Say hi to her. - It's unbelievable.
My goodness. It's Gyeong Ree.
Why don't you say hi to her?
Hey, go say hi to her.
- Look at him. - He looks so awkward.
I don't understand what kind of combination it is.
I think you can guess. Take a guess.
I think you can also guess.
Jong Min even visited us.
- You two should know. - Really?
- I did? - Yes.
You visited us once.
He doesn't seem to remember.
- DJ. - He was with Chun Hee.
Look at us when we're like this.
(What about these three?)
- Just those three. - Of course I know it.
- You got it. - Yes.
"Six Heroines"?
- Pardon me? - That's a long time ago.
- Kyeong Shil was on it. - And Jung Sun Hee.
- "Invincible Youth"! - Exactly.
- "Invincible Youth". - "Invincible Youth".
We're the "Invincible Youth" members of 2017.
We have new members.
One Night Two Days versus "Invincible Youth".
- That's the theme. - You go over there.
Go next to Gyeong Ree.
(Smiling)
(He casually walks toward her.)
He's actually walking to her.
How awkward it is.
Well, let me be the host of the show today.
- Good. - That sounds lovely.
We normally don't have a host anyway.
- You don't? - No.
- Give me food. - Before we eat,
each members from...
yours and our team will pair up.
(The members from each team will pair up.)
You'll stay alone as a host, right?
No.
Everyone will have a partner.
- What are you saying? - First of all...
Do you need cue cards?
- Cue cards. Yes, please. - There are cue cards?
I like that it's well-organized.
- Me too. - We can just listen.
All we need to do is pair up.
Before we pair up, there's an important announcement.
What is it?
(What is it?)
The members of "Invincible Youth" already...
discussed about their preference.
- My goodness. - It's already discussed.
This is a matter of pride.
- It is. - It is.
Jong Min.
(Me?)
Please go back to your place.
(Please move back so that we can go on smoothly.)
Goodbye.
"Who would you like to be your partner?"
(As soon as the girls arrived,)
Whom should I choose?
(they faced a big problem.)
It's not so easy.
Whom should I choose?
(It's hard to choose one among them.)
This is too difficult.
(It's one of the hardest questions in the world.)
(The mysterious girl also took part.)
(After a long pondering, they filled up the form.)
We ranked the top 3 and the bottom 3.
The bottom three had a really close match.
- Was it that close? - It was really close.
- Really? - I and...
my team members voted. You'll be surprised.
- Is it unexpected? - Some of them are, yes.
I will announce the top three first.
- This makes me nervous. - You go this way.
Goodbye.
As long as I won fourth place, I'm fine.
I wish I win fourth place at least.
- Tell us the result. - The most popular one...
- voted by us is... - It must be Tae Hyun.
It must be Tae Hyun.
(The most popular guy voted by the girls)
- It must be Tae Hyun. - We have joint winners.
(We have joint winners.)
Maybe it's Joon Young and Tae Hyun.
I feel like it's Joon Young.
I think it's Dong Gu.
- I think so too. - It might be Joon Young.
(He is sweating so much.)
(What are they doing?)
You all seem expectant.
What do you mean by expectant?
- To be honest... - Maybe a bit.
To be honest, I am expectant.
What place do you think you are in?
I'll be happy to be ranked in fourth place.
Come on! You can't be in fourth place.
- You're the bottom. - No way.
Then who are ranked below you?
These two.
- It can't be any others. - How can you be so sure?
That's ridiculous.
Who is the least popular normally?
- Normally... - Normally...
- It's neck and neck. - As of appearance...
- It's neck and neck. - It's neck and neck.
It's neck and neck.
I'm good-looking as a comedian,
but they are too ugly to be singers.
They're so ugly.
(Are you picking a fight with us?)
They are both so ugly.
He's got a skin disease on his neck.
Here we go again. Here we go again.
That's not true. I don't have it.
- Here we go again. - It's all healed.
He has a bad breath.
- It's horrible. - Have you smelled it?
My goodness.
Let me announce the joint winners.
Let's see who wins.
The joint winners are...
Tae Hyun!
(As everyone expected, Tae Hyun won first place.)
Congratulations.
Tae Hyun.
(How pathetic.)
- I knew it. - Thank you.
He should be at the bottom to make the show more fun.
It's because they feel comfortable with me.
- The other winner is... - The joint winner.
They tied for first place.
The winner is...
Kim...
- What? - Hey.
- Is it really him? - Hang on a second.
Kim?
(It's an unexpected match between the Kims.)
Kim...
(The rest feel bitter.)
Kim?
- Kim... - This is unbelievable.
- Kim... - Kim...
- Kim J... - Kim J?
Kim J...
- Followed by "o" or "oo"? - Is it "o" or "oo"?
- Kim... - "O"?
(This is a ridiculous situation.)
Kim...
Kim Jong Min!
(Jong Min won first place.)
- Seriously? - No way.
- Congratulations. - Jong Min.
This is a typical variety show.
My gosh.
They're so ugly.
What's wrong with your face?
There must have been a misunderstanding.
Take a closer look at him. He looks like a fish.
- I can't believe it. - My gosh.
How could it be Jong Min?
It's because he's a senior singer. Wait, you are too.
- Yes, I am. - This is amazing.
(Most of the girls chose Tae Hyun and Jong Min.)
(Why did you choose Tae Hyun?)
Tae Hyun is in the center. He's in the center.
Jong Min.
(Why did you choose Jong Min?)
Just because.
Just because he's funny.
(There's no special reason.)
Let me announce who won third place.
- Hey, make it quick. - Hurry up.
It's going to be a match between us anyway.
They must be the bottom two.
I'll be quick then. Kim Joon Ho.
(I'll be quick as you wish.)
(For real?)
(Frozen)
- Really? - He looks so happy.
Really?
My goodness.
Step aside, you ugly squids.
Hey, squids. Step aside.
This is annoying.
Step aside.
Step aside, you unlikable brats.
- They're unlikable. - You unlikable brats.
Us likable men should be on the show, not them.
- This is annoying. - It is.
His shoulders are now straightened.
I like you girls.
(It's unbelievable, but he did rank high.)
- Do I get something too? - That's a very good idea.
- No. - I don't?
I'll put this on then.
(He's happy without a crown.)
Fourth place...
(He granted a crown to himself.)
- Defconn. - It should be Defconn.
- You're right. - That'd be comforting.
- I must be in last place. - This is happening again.
Poor Dong Gu. It should be Dong Gu.
- I know. - I'm worried about him.
Me too.
(With the members' wishes)
Yoon Dong Gu!
(Finally!)
The man next to him, Defconn.
- What is happening? - Yes!
Defconn.
(There's a dramatic reversal in the results.)
What is going on?
That's absurd.
- That can't be true. - This is for real.
- Hey! - I can't believe this.
Dong Gu is supposed to be in fourth place.
The result would be more reliable that way.
This isn't reliable at all.
I'm 100 percent sure this is accurate.
In fact, this isn't about appearance.
- Is it about charms? - It's about charms.
It's all about charms.
That doesn't matter to me.
We're popular anyway.
- Yes, we are. - I know.
Congratulations.
That's ridiculous.
Let's decide the "Out of Face" then.
All right.
- "Out of Face"? - "Out of Face"!
- The sixth place. - This is so funny.
- He got zero votes. - Zero votes.
Zero!
He's the most unpopular one voted by us.
(The most unpopular member)
- Goodness. - This is so annoying.
(Miserable and annoyed)
(They never knew they'd be the last ones left.)
- Yoon Dong Gu! - It's Dong Gu!
This is unbelievable.
(We feel so bad for him.)
(Smiling)
The man next to him, Jung Joon Young.
(Revived)
It's Jung Joon Young!
What? What's wrong with Joon Young?
(I want to be alone.)
I knew this was coming.
- He looks good, but... - Reflect on yourself.
- He's right. - girls don't like him.
The reason is simple though.
They have to partner with him here.
But he's just new to them.
We cast our votes without knowing...
- about him. - Exactly.
The results may change by the time this is over.
We never know how it'd change.
Please don't be disappointed.
- It's okay. - It's just a vote.
- I'm okay. - We just did it for fun.
- It's nothing serious. - Right.
Anyway it feels good that they are below me.
I know. I'm glad I'm in third place.
- This feels nice. - Look at them.
I'm so glad that I'm more popular than them.
This is unbelievable.
I will take good care of them today.
Now we should pair up with partners.
In order to do so, we will play...
"Tug of War of Fate".
- "Tug of War of Fate." - I see.
(The members tie a rope around their waist.)
(A member of "Invincible Youth" pulls one rope.)
(Members who are connected by the rope are partners.)
We're 6, but they are only 5.
One more member will come...
after shooting "Music Bank".
One of us will be her partner?
A person who's not chosen will be her partner.
Exactly.
- It's a fate. - They are meant to be.
It's up in the air.
This is more exciting as we don't know her.
(Heart beating)
I need you to stand behind the wall now.
- Okay. - Stand wherever you want.
- Okay, thanks. - This is so exciting.
What?
- Nothing. - Never mind.
It's still summer.
If I pair up with someone, can I go out with her?
What are you talking about?
Do you think this is a blind date or something?
But it never happened.
Nothing like that has happened for 15 years.
You'll never go out with a girl you meet in a show.
Are you ready?
- Yes. - Yes.
Who do you want to be your partner?
Everyone!
- Everyone? - What a Casanova.
All right then.
Gyeong Ree goes first.
(Shouting)
- Gyeong Ree goes first. - It's Gyeong Ree!
- Gyeong Ree! - Gyeong Ree!
Is she pulling a rope?
I'll make them more excited.
They'd be excited.
She's pulling it.
(She stirs their hearts with the ropes.)
This is so funny. Why am I so nervous?
(They are nervous too.)
This is so thrilling.
Mom, I'm getting married.
He said he's getting married.
Who do you want for your partner?
My partner?
(Who do you want for your partner?)
I like Yoon Si Yoon.
(Gyeong Ree chooses Dong Gu.)
It's all about appearance.
Who do you want Gyeong Ree to pick?
I wish she'd pick me.
- I knew it. - All right then.
She'll pull a rope.
- Okay. - I'm so nervous.
- I'm pulling it. - She's pulling it now.
I like your eyes.
(He confesses his love to Gyeong Ree.)
Pull a rope as I count to three.
Why am I so nervous?
If we become partners, it means something.
I know. I agree.
(Surprised)
(Is it Joon Ho?)
(While Jong Min and Joon Ho chat away,)
(he pulls Joon Ho's rope.)
What was that?
Gosh, I can't believe this.
That's so funny.
6, 5, 4, 3,
2, and 1.
Pull a rope!
(What?)
Who is it?
(Who could it be?)
(Whose rope did Gyeong Ree pull?)
(It's Tae Hyun.)
Now that Gyeong Ree chose Tae Hyun,
they are partners.
(The rest of them are outraged.)
I hate Tae Hyun.
I can't believe she chose Tae Hyun.
(Next up is Yu Ra.)
Yu Ra, who do you want to be your partner?
- I want Jong Min. - Why?
- He'd be nice to me. - You think?
Jong Min, Yu Ra likes you!
- Who? - Yu Ra likes you.
It's Yu Ra.
You can't see her now.
(She blocks him.)
I like Yu Ra so much.
Among the members of One Night Two Days,
who is your favorite?
- Jong Min? - Right. It's Jong Min.
Only him?
Jong Min and Dong Gu.
(Yu Ra changes her mind to Dong Gu.)
- Oh no! - Dong Gu!
Dong Gu, they all like you.
- He looks good in person. - Now they saw your face.
- All right. - She changed her mind?
I'm sorry, but do you like Dong Gu?
- They only want Dong Gu? - No, that's not true.
- Okay. - All right.
In fact, I like Ha Ra.
(He changes his mind.)
What's Yu Ra's choice?
Yu Ra is pulling a rope now.
- Yu Ra's pulling a rope. - Yu Ra!
(She's pulling a rope.)
Whose voice is that?
Who is it?
It's me!
It's me.
- Defconn. - Yes, it's me.
It's Defconn.
(What?)
You should do it when we have many members left.
- You should go first. - It'd be better this way.
(Next up is Shin Young.)
- Yu Ra's pulling a rope. - Yu Ra's pulling.
Yu Ra!
(They are fooled.)
("Invincible Youth" casts a fishing rod,)
(and One Night Two Days takes the bait.)
It's Defconn!
(It's Defconn!)
I knew it. She was very strong.
Was it you? Okay.
(Laughing)
It was me.
(I'm sorry.)
(I have to share it with them.)
It wasn't Yu Ra, everyone.
Yes!
(Step aside.)
Let me see.
Everyone, I'll take care of Shin Young.
Yes!
I'll take care of Defconn.
(Defconn is on me!)
She's saying the same thing here.
Let's do this.
You totally got me.
All right. We're partners.
That was good.
Now Yu Ra is pulling a rope. It's Yu Ra.
- Are you sure? - It's Yu Ra for sure.
- Are you sure? - I think I'll be picked.
- Nine. - I think it's me.
- I'm serious. - 8, 7, 6,
5, 4,
3, 2,
- What should I do? - And one!
(Who will be Yu Ra's partner?)
- Pull it hard. - Please pull it hard.
(Who is it?)
(It's Yu Ra's favorite member, Dong Gu.)
- He's here. - Here we are.
Yu Ra said you were her favorite member.
Right. She chose you.
She wanted you to be her partner.
(Would they be good partners?)
She looks very excited.
All right. Next up is Narsha.
- It's Narsha. - Narsha.
Narsha!
She described her least favorite member like this.
"He's a lot of work."
He requires a great deal of care.
I don't like that kind of men.
- Who is it? - But it's one of them.
Is it Joon Ho?
My least favorite member is behind the wall.
It must be Jong Min. It's Jong Min.
You require a great deal of care.
We should slap you in the face.
(In fact, they all require a great deal of care.)
Okay. I'll choose a rope.
All right. I'll give you 5 seconds. 5, 4,
- 3, 2, 1. - 3, 2, 1.
- It'd be Jong Min. - Pull the rope.
It'd be funny if she picked Jong Min.
He requires a great deal of care.
We don't know it yet.
- Who is it? - He's not coming out.
He's trying to stay there.
He doesn't want to come.
He does require a great deal of care.
- Let's see. - He's not coming out.
- He needs help. - Goodness.
(It's weak Joon Ho.)
(He needs a lot of care.)
- It's Kim Joon Ho. - It's Joon Ho.
He needs to be taken care of.
He needs a lot of help.
- Hi. - Narsha. Hey, Narsha.
My Narsha.
- Here comes Koo Ha Ra. - Okay.
We'll give you one more chance to switch.
- Let's switch. - Okay.
(Will this work?)
Jong Min desperately wanted Ha Ra.
Who is your number one pick?
Kim Jong Min.
- Why? - Kim Jong Min.
(Seriously, why?)
- You feel comfortable. - Yes, around him..
- He doesn't like girls. - That's right.
(Unfortunately these two are left.)
Ha Ra, please choose.
5, 4, 3,
- 2, 1. - Ha Ra!
Choose one!
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by the toe!
No way!
(Gosh! For real?)
(Even the camera is lost.)
(It's the strong-willed Cheerful Fool!)
(Crashing)
(He lands awkwardly, yet perfectly.)
(What's that?)
- What is that? - It's a ring.
- What is it? - It's a ring.
- Why would he do that? - Gosh, he's good.
(Wake up. This isn't "The Bachelorette".)
He's good at this.
- He's good. - Goodness.
- Thanks, Jong Min. - Nice.
- That was really nice. - Okay.
- Couples stand here. - Joon Young, come here.
- He's the youngest. - They'll be a couple.
The youngest will go with the youngest.
- I like it a lot. - The youngest couple.
- It's not bad. - We should do it again.
- The youngest. - What do you mean?
The youngest members will be a couple.
(The youngest member wrote Joon Young.)
I feel like...
he's going to abandon me.
I hope he won't.
(Will this couple be okay?)
- Are you hungry? - Yes.
"Pocket Money Game".
We have to do this together, right?
- Yes. - Okay.
They're like husband and wife MC.
- That's nice. - They look good together.
First of all, "Pocket Money Game" is...
Have you heard of "Front Word Relay"?
"Front Word Relay"?
- It's "Front Word Relay". - I've never played that.
Can you give an example?
- For example... - Give an example.
- You'll pick a word. - Okay.
If "iron" goes to the end
(What does this mean?)
"Cider". Like this.
- That's too hard. - If "iron"...
- goes to the end - I can't do this.
If "cider" goes to the end
- "Lawyer". - That's hard.
- It's too hard. - Goes to the end
(Actually, it's not that difficult.)
(It's very similar to "Word Relay".)
(You simply need to put the front word last.)
You have to keep going like this.
- If "Narsha" goes... - What?
There's an important rule.
- If you're off key or... - Slow.
Then Jong Min will be out.
Jong Min is a singer.
- Ha Ra is a singer too. - That's right.
1st place gets 20 dollars.
2nd place gets 15 dollars.
That's enough for a meal.
3rd place gets 10 dollars.
4th place gets 5 dollars.
Can you do it?
- I don't know. - 5th. 3 dollars.
- Up to 3rd is fine. - 6th gets 1 dollar.
- What about new words? - Give us time to think.
You have to proceed with the song.
- Follow the tempo. - Really?
- You must. - Don't worry.
- But I'm worried. - Which way?
Let's do rock-paper-scissors.
People at the end will do it.
- Rock-paper-scissors! - Stand in the middle.
(Joon Young wins!)
- He won! - Nice.
You should go first.
- Our turn won't come. - No, it won't.
I think the game will stop at Yu Ra.
- Get ready. - Pick a word.
Can you sing it again?
She doesn't know the melody.
- She's a rapper. - If "iron" goes to...
(She sounds unstable.)
- It's a little high. - Ti, do, re, mi, fa, sol.
Try it.
(What am I going to do?)
- Let's go. - Let's do it.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
(Nervous)
If "tea" goes to the end
- "Yulmu tea". - Wait.
You can't sing it like that.
- Wait. It's a remix. - What?
- 1, 2, 3, 4. - 1, 2, 3, 4.
- If "tea" goes... - No.
You have to start right away.
- Give her a new word. - A different word.
- That won't work. - Why not?
- A different one. - No.
If you say "yulmu tea", I have to do "yul" next.
- Right. - Okay.
If "pine" goes to the end
(I can do this.)
(If "pine" goes to the end)
"Factory".
If "factory" goes to the end
"Film fest".
If "film" goes to the end
"Lee Mi Young".
(Lee Mi Young!)
What?
Who is Lee Mi Young?
Isn't she the one who always calls?
- That's Kim Mi Young. - Manager Kim.
I got a call from Lee Mi Young.
- You can't do that. - Anyone can say a name.
I can just pick a name.
Don't you get messages from Lee Mi Young?
- No. - That's Kim Mi Young.
- All right. - It should've been Kim.
- You're out. - Tae Hyun is out.
Let's move closer.
People's names aren't allowed, are they?
Famous people's names are okay.
- All right. - Start with Yu Ra.
- Me again? - Start with Gyeong Ree.
You're so mean.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
If "pine" goes to the end
"Barber shop".
If "barber" goes to the end
"Ya yee".
- What? - "Ya yee"?
- What's that? - That was an easy one.
I can't change it to "lee".
- Yes, you can. - Either "yee" or "lee".
- Anyway, you're out. - You failed.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
If "radio" goes to the end
"Form".
- "Form". - What?
- Form what? - It was "radio".
It's because I have astigmatism.
- I'm sorry. - Let's go.
- Let's do this. - Step back if you're out.
- Step aside. - We can do it.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
If "car" goes to the end
"Sa Mi Ja".
- If "Sa" goes to the end - If "Sa" goes to the end
- "Lawyer". - Gosh.
If "lawyer" goes to the end
"Feces".
- "Feces"? - Hey. Wait.
- That's wrong. - That was very cute.
- Can "feces" work? - Can "feces" work?
(No)
- I'm dizzy. - Joon Ho.
Let's just ignore the rules.
Wait a minute.
Joon Young hasn't said a word.
- But he's still playing. - He has an advantage.
The ones who go first is disadvantaged.
- It's unfair. - The order matters.
- You're right. - Okay. Joon Ho.
- "Form". - "Form".
Let's slow down.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
(We won't slow down!)
If "rubber" goes to the end
"Sinmungo".
- If "Sin" goes to the end - If "Sin" goes to the end
(If "Sin" goes to the end...)
"Ja Man Si".
- "Ja Man Si"? - What?
- "Ja Man Si"? - What is that?
Does that word mean arrogant? "Ja Man Si"?
- He's out. - Joon Young failed.
- Let's go. - Let's play.
You'll fail this time, Yu Ra.
- Start with Yu Ra. - Everyone fail. Quickly.
We'll go fast this time.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
(Bye, Yu Ra.)
(Nervous)
If "Wednesday" goes to the end
- It's worked. - She's out.
- If "Wednesday" goes... - It's hard.
- "Best". - "Cold water"!
- "Cold water". - Right.
- "Arisu". - "Cold water".
- "Ha Ri Su". - "Arisu".
- "Palm tree". - "Cold water".
"Park Myeong Soo". There are many words.
It was too fast. We'll go slow with Dong Gu.
Yu Ra is out.
(Yu Ra gets a dollar.)
- Start with Dong Gu. - Hurry.
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
If "subway" goes to the end
"Newspaper".
If "newspaper" goes to the end
"Yoon Jong Shin".
If "Yoon" goes to the end
(If "Yoon" goes to the end...)
"Hwi Bal Yoon"!
("Hwi Bal Yoon"?)
- What? - "Hwi Bal Yoon"?
- What's that? - "Hwi Bal Yoon"?
That's a good one.
(Ha Ra, the variety queen, returns!)
- Awesome. - Good job.
- Is there such a thing? - "Hwi Bal Yoon"?
- She said "Hwi Bal Yoon". - The way she said it,
it sounded like a swear word.
- "Hwi Bal Yoon". - Goodness.
"Hwi Bal Yoon".
(Ha Ra gets three dollars.)
- Gyeong Ree is amazing. - Nice.
- Here we go. - Okay.
- 5, 6, 7. 8. - Go slowly.
If "scholarship" goes to the end
"Barber store".
If "barber" goes to the end
"Cavity".
If "cavity" goes to the end
- "Cavity"? - Yes.
- Get out! - Wait.
What did you say earlier? "Barber store"?
"Barber store" doesn't exist.
(No results)
- "Barber store"? - It doesn't exist.
"Barber store" is a fail.
(Dong Gu is saved!)
- I'm saved! - Who was it?
- Who got it wrong? - Jong Min is out.
"Barber store" doesn't exist.
- "Barber shop". - "Shoe storage".
- Awesome. - We'll go slow.
If "scholarship" goes to the end
(Get lost, Joon Ho!)
"Ga Uh Ah".
- What's that? - "Ga Uh Ah".
- Come on. - "Ga Uh Ah".
- He's out. - Yes.
Singing it fast isn't easy.
(Joon Ho gets 10 dollars.)
Gyeong Ree, you're good.
- She's good. - She got everything.
- Gosh. - I'm really lucky.
I'm going to slow down for these two.
- All right, guys? - Yes.
- Give me a dollar. - Okay.
- Let's do this. - 5, 6, 7, 8.
If "mountain" goes to the end
"Bald mountain".
If "bald" goes to the end
"Xiaomin".
- "Xiaomin"? - "Xiaomin"?
- What's that? - "Xiaomin"?
- That's too random. - Oh, boy.
Isn't there a word like that?
(Gyeong Ree gets 15 dollars.)
- Dong Gu wins! - Yes!
- Go, Dong Gu! - He won!
Dong Gu won, so he gets 20 dollars.
- Congratulations. - He's good.
- Thanks. - You said you'd help me.
Since Shin Young worked hard,
- here. - I'm sure it's empty.
- It's 100 percent empty. - It's obvious.
Obvious jokes.
Please use your money to eat your lunch.
I'll wipe the ground for you.
Let's go.
- All right. - Where should we go?
You should give me your money first.
- Really? - I'll pay with it.
- Are you sure? - Women handle money.
- Already? - Give it to me.
- Isn't it too soon? - Come on.
- All right. - Hurry.
- Let's go eat. - Okay.
Do I have to save this money?
- Or... - No, we can spend it all.
Really? That sounds like a lie.
No, it's no use saving it.
Shouldn't I leave some?
- It's no use. - No?
- It only makes me stingy? - Yes.
We tried saving money, but there was no point.
Okay.
What food do you like?
I like any food, but all I need is iced coffee.
I can drink anything but coffee.
What about this? I'll have iced coffee,
and you can eat the food you want.
I'm sorry,
but technically, this is an individual game.
This 10 dollars is my money.
Let me borrow it. I'll pay you back.
You can't do that.
1 dollar on this show is like 10,000 dollars.
- One soybean stew and... - Okay.
That's 5.5 dollars.
What about jjajangmyeon?
- You want jjajangmyeon? - Yes.
You still should eat something.
- Will you buy it for me? - Of course.
I'll have marsh snail hangover soup then.
- Hangover soup? - No.
Please cancel that. She's new to our show.
She doesn't know how to handle money.
- You like ramyeon, right? - I do.
If you'll pay for it, I'll eat ramyeon.
- All right. - Okay.
Two ramyeon, please.
Cutie Pie, come on.
Hurry up, Cutie Pie.
We should follow the richest team.
Hurry up. Go and be nice to Dong Gu.
- Hey. - Hello.
- Hello. - You're very hardworking.
Hi, Shin Young.
Ramyeon is 3 dollars, so Dong Gu can buy 4.
Shouldn't we have two ramyeon?
- Two ramyeon, please. - And a bowl of rice.
That sounds great.
- Two ramyeon and rice? - Yes.
- Is the rice a dollar? - It is.
Jong Min, doesn't that leave you a dollar?
- No. - You still have a dollar.
- We don't. - You don't?
- Hey, they have a dollar. - Do you?
- It's for the coffee. - Just for the coffee.
You don't need to drink coffee.
Thank you.
- Hello. - Here come the VIPs.
We're VIPs.
They have Korean food.
We'll have soybean stew and tonkatsu.
Just a moment, please.
For soybean stew and tonkatsu,
it'll be 14.5 dollars.
Give it to me. I'll deliver it to you.
- Let us get it for you. - We're having great food.
- Let us. - It's that way.
(They'll reward us.)
Here are the beggars.
What did you order?
Don't talk to them. Don't even look at them.
- Why not? - What did you order?
Do I know you?
Narsha, how could you say that?
- I'm disappointed. - You're mean.
Come this way.
- Enjoy your lunch. - All right.
- Do you want to sit here? - You have water.
Have a seat.
- Go. - No, sit.
Have a seat. Come on.
Here.
- The view is nice here. - Hello.
- Hi. - Are you here to eat?
I'm your waiter for the day.
Please get our food then. Our ticket number is two.
- Get it for us. - Give me your receipt.
All right.
Excuse me, we need kimchi and chopsticks.
What do you need?
- Spoons and chopsticks. - All right.
- Some kimchi too. - Okay.
(I'll give up my pride for food.)
Don't you drink coffee from convenience stores?
(Tasting)
- Is something inside? - What is this?
(Puzzled)
(What is it?)
I think I taste...
some syrup.
(Is that for yourself?)
No, it's for others.
You're out of line here.
I can't help you now.
I was going to give you a dollar,
but you gave me syrup.
I'm coming.
I don't think we can eat.
I think you're right.
We've burned a lot of calories.
Why don't we just take their food?
Let's just go.
Let's eat it in the car.
Okay.
We have to act naturally. You know that, right?
Thank you.
Please enjoy.
Just walk naturally.
(They're not looking back.)
We're here.
Defconn.
Dong Gu saw us. He saw us.
(Where are they going?)
I'm scared. I heard him call my name.
(He'll get them in no time.)
Where should we go?
(The tricksters settle down in a corner.)
(She cuts tonkatsu with a spoon.)
I forgot to bring a knife.
Shouldn't we at least get paid for the delivery?
We should.
(The owner of the food goes looking for them.)
Let's eat this part and hide it like this.
Just put them together.
We deserve to eat this much.
- It's just one piece. - I felt too bad to eat,
but I think this is okay.
What? That's ours!
What are you doing? I knew it!
We were going to bring it to you.
- We were just cutting it. - What's going on?
- We were cutting it. - No!
- I said no! No! - I cut it for you.
- Stop it! - All right. Let's go.
No. You can't do this.
(It's delicious.)
Don't we deserve to eat it?
I can't believe you guys.
I shouldn't have trusted you.
- There was no knife. - You tricked us.
They didn't give you a knife.
How could you take our food?
We wanted to cut it for you.
Here is your food delivery.
- Okay. - Here is your food.
- Is this ours? - We brought your food.
- It's ours. - You still have money.
- You can't do this to us. - What's this?
They already ate some.
- Where? - Here.
They were eating it over there.
- Oh, my. - Really? Our food?
That's why they disappeared.
Thank you for the food.
Thank you, Gyeong Ree.
Thank you.
- Gosh. - Hello.
Gosh, how did he catch us?
- We brought you water. - You're praying.
I hope you'll enjoy it.
Do you want rice?
If you would give me, I'll take it.
Thank you.
Don't give him too much. It'll spoil him.
All right. You don't have to give me a lot of it.
- Goodness. - Oh, my. Tae Hyun.
Honey, go and take it.
- This is for Yu Ra. - Is it?
- Thank you. - Sure.
- Is that soybean stew? - Yes.
- We tried too hard. - I know.
We shouldn't have.
My gosh, Shin Young.
(She takes Yu Ra's jjajangmyeon.)
Put that down.
Yu Ra, she took your food.
You saw it?
Please guard your food well.
Guard your food.
- We might take it all. - Oh, it was jjajangmyeon.
Be careful. Things happen in a second around here.
I feel so bad.
If you do, give me some food.
Here is your ramyeon.
That's not yours.
It is. That's Joon Ho's.
- Please enjoy. - Thank you.
Gosh, you look more handsome in person.
Thank you.
Ma'am, here you go.
I should take some kimchi.
Here is your ramyeon.
We got an order of ramyeon with rice cake too.
(Joon Ho and Narsha's ramyeon is finally ready.)
(Glancing)
(I have a bad feeling.)
- I think I should go. - Please do.
- He might do something. - I'll be here.
Joon Young.
(He does look suspicious.)
Whose food is that?
(They bumped into each other.)
I was just worried.
- It's ours, right? - Yes.
All right. I just wanted to check.
Be careful. We'll be sitting over there.
Hey. You brat!
Hey. You'll be in trouble for this.
Hey. What do I do?
What do you mean?
You're so mean.
Gosh, he came to check.
Here are some toothpicks for you.
You'll need to pick your teeth.
Don't you think we'll be split into teams of three?
Shin Young and I are the strong ones.
- We're incredibly strong. - Yes.
Do you want some jjajangmyeon?
- Gosh. - Give some to Shin Young.
- You two... - It's for the delivery.
did work hard.
Let's share it.
I don't know what to do.
- I feel so bad. - Don't feel pressured.
No, just enjoy your meal.
(He smacks his lips.)
(The poor ones share what they have.)
Can't you get anything from Jong Min and Ha Ra?
Gosh, they're petty.
Actually, Jong Min and I...
often get bullied on the show.
I guess it's for the show.
That's why the four of us should team up in secret.
The important thing is I think we would...
be better at things.
I mean these two.
I think we're stronger...
- than them. - You're right.
Ha Ra can run really fast.
They're fast and strong. That's it.
- We'll win. - She's strong too.
I also handled Jong Min's money.
- Did you? - She said...
women should handle money.
I think we're better than them.
Would you like some?
- Thank you. - Really?
The others gave us food.
- Gosh, you're so nice. - The others gave us food.
- Here you go. - It's so hot in here.
The original members are certainly nicer.
Why are you hiding the rice?
We won't steal it, Jong Min.
We won't steal any.
You should go now.
I already gave you ramyeon.
Are you telling us to leave?
Do you have any soup left?
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
- Bye. - If you buy me rice...
with a dollar, I'll give you half with soup.
It's worth it.
Go to Korean food section.
(He's excited to eat.)
I can do chores for you.
Do you want some coffee?
- Yes. - Give me money.
We want iced coffee. They want hot coffee.
- Two hot coffee? - Coffee please.
Two from the vending machine please.
From the vending machine?
What will you do if you run away?
- We won't cheat. - You'll be unlucky...
for three years.
- You want black coffee? - Here's some soup.
Give me one more dollar to buy ice, Joon Ho.
- That's enough. - Okay.
- Coffee is 50 cents. - Thank you.
Joon Young, here's some ramyeon.
- I have some food. - Where's the receipt?
I feel bad for you.
It's exact.
- I'll pay you back. - Okay.
Here you go.
We gave them a lot. We usually don't give any.
- Seriously. - Really?
(This is good enough.)
- You know, right? - It was delicious.
The loser has to clean up.
Is that so?
I haven't done it since high school.
The loser will clean up.
(One loser cleans up.)
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
We won.
Did you plan it?
Thank you for the food.
Was that intentional? Did you give them a sign?
- Let's get fresh air. - Let's drink coffee.
Tell me if you planned it or not.
We don't cheat. We didn't plan it.
- You didn't? - I'll help you.
(He tries to pay back.)
- I don't have any money. - What?
- I have no money. - Gosh.
(He changes his mind.)
- Here you go. - Defconn.
- What? - It's nothing.
- Here. - What is it?
Pour some to make iced coffee.
I bought two cups.
I'll add water in one.
(She puts it into action.)
May I get some hot water?
(She gets some hot water.)
(He looks around.)
(He increases the amount of coffee.)
I made 2 cups of coffee with 1.
- That's right. - How much do you gain?
- A dollar. - 40 cents.
- You gain 1.4 dollars. - Right.
- Where's the coffee? - Here it is.
- Give us coffee. - Okay.
- I'm sorry. - Here it is.
I'm sorry for being late.
- What is it? - It's coffee.
The color is strange.
It's what you get from the vending machine.
- Coffee is here. - That's right.
- It's iced coffee. - Seriously.
- Give me delivery fee. - Let me look.
Take a look.
(He's confident.)
- Where did you get ice? - I bought it.
It tastes too light.
- What do you mean? - It's too light.
See it for yourself.
- Get it from the machine. - It's Americano.
- It's Americano. - It's usually this light.
Try it.
- Are you tricking us? - Why would we?
- That's the worst. - We worked hard.
- It's iced coffee. - I worked very hard.
- It's delicious. - It tastes okay.
- We worked really hard. - You said you'd pay us.
What's wrong with him? It's only a dollar.
- Please clean this up. - Okay.
Here we go.
All right.
Excuse me.
Please treat me well during the game.
Okay.
- She's the MC. - I'll give you advantage.
- Right. - Okay.
What will be the password?
(He takes it quickly.)
What...
Thank you.
- It's toothpick. - Password is toothpick.
- They have great service. - If I say toothpick...
Okay.
- They have great service. - I agree.
(He begs for money as he gives out toothpicks.)
Goodness.
Thank you for your kindness.
I'll take 50 cents.
Thank you.
It's 40 cents. Do you have 60 cents?
- What shall we eat? - Have a fish cake.
- A fish cake stick? - My stomach hurts.
(They have some hope.)
- How about a hot dog? - Eat a hot dog.
May I get a fish cake stick?
- 3, 2. - Thank you.
- This was very hard. - We had no choice.
- Here I go. - Take a big bite.
(This is...)
(This is happiness.)
(It's delicious.)
I don't want it.
1, 2, 3.
She's the youngest.
Jong Min had a physical contact.
Why are you laughing? It's gross.
It's gross.
What do you mean?
She said it's gross.
What's wrong with you?
Jong Min, control yourself.
Control myself? What did I do?
All I did was smile.
What made her say that it's gross?
- Stop it. - I just smiled.
I still remember Ha Ra at "Celebrity Boxing Game".
There's a clip of her punching.
I remember that.
(They're fierce fighters.)
She threw her punch while looking at the eyes.
Ha Ra hates losing.
She's very competitive.
I'm like that too.
Does my partner work at "Music Bank" all day?
Let's go to "Music Bank" today.
- As guests? - What if I arrive...
- If she doesn't know you? - She might not know...
my name.
- Goodness. - Sun Mi.
Did she make a comeback recently?
- GFriend is invited. - Who are invited?
- GFriend? - DIA.
- NCT. - Isn't that a male group?
Did we say that his partner is female?
I don't think we did.
Samuel is another guest.
I have no idea about these female groups.
Can you recognize who they are...
- Not at all. - with their names?
- I know up to this group. - Who?
S.E.S.
- Bada, Shoo, Eugene. - S.E.S?
I know Brown Eyed Girls.
He asked me how many are in Brian Girls.
Goodness.
He's my partner. He should take interest.
I hope "Invincible Youth" starts again.
There were many good programs in the past.
I wanted to be on "We Got Married" and "X-Men".
- Weren't you? - I did "We Got Married".
Who was your husband?
- It was Hong Jong Hyun. - Right.
Weren't you on it too?
- No. - Really?
Whom would you like?
What? Work on what?
With whom would you like to be on "We Got Married"?
It has to be a One Night Two Days member.
- What if we... - I wouldn't pick you.
(Embarrassed)
(I'm joking.)
What if you had to choose?
I'd like to work with Dong Gu.
She cares about appearance.
Didn't Dong Gu give a lecture?
At Ewha Womans University?
The destination is clear.
(He gave a moving speech at the university.)
Thank you.
- I was very impressed. - That lecture?
- It was strange. - It's better than you.
(What are you talking about?)
She doesn't like you at all.
(She'll never pick Jong Min.)
- Dong Gu is great, - I like him.
but he's promiscuous.
It's messy with women.
- It's a secret. - With relationships?
- Is it complicated? - Really?
Yu Ra, he's all over the world.
- All over the world? - It's international.
- International? - Really?
He can't have them if we can't.
(They spread a rumor without evidence.)
Let's make up a rumor.
(Men are silly.)
It's hard to know.
We're here.
- Really? - It's developed.
This isn't the place I used to know.
Has it changed?
- Greenhouse didn't exist. - It was just a field.
I drove...
- a tractor here. - That's right.
There were no houses.
Look at the paved road.
It used to be a dirt road.
Gosh, do you remember this place?
It must be strange to see all the changes.
I feel like I came back home.
That hasn't changed at all.
- You remember the trees? - I planted them.
- How about the bulldozer? - We put it there.
- You remember the boat? - Of course.
I used to ride it.
That was out of context.
How could you have done everything?
We did a lot of work here.
I can imagine how difficult it was.
It was really...
(They reminisce the past.)
Do you remember the stone?
I paved the road myself.
There are traces of time.
- What? - That's the house.
- Do you remember it? - It's here.
- It's this greenhouse. - Yes.
Look at the vines on top.
What was inside?
We gathered here to play games.
- There's a photo. - That picture...
- I remember. - reminds me.
- There's a photo. - It's a mural.
Look at that.
That's right.
("Invincible Youth")
- Who are they? - Gosh.
We look so young.
- Where's Narsha? - My goodness.
- I'm not in it. - Where's Narsha?
I'm not in it.
- Where's Narsha? - I'm not in it.
- She looks 30. - What?
You look better now.
I agree with you.
She looks much better now.
Where's Narsha?
- She's right here. - She's not.
There's Victoria as well.
Shin Young.
The photos faded in color during last seven years.
- Goodness. - That's impressive.
These were taken seven years ago.
The colors faded.
- Right. - What's this?
We were enthusiastic back then.
(Unforgettable friendships)
Gosh, look at that.
- We look so young. - We were young.
They look great.
(It was when they were young and innocent.)
We have a photo of Ha Ra's spirit.
My goodness.
- She looks like a ghost. - Here it is.
She does.
She was a great entertainer.
This isn't a photo exhibition.
It's like a memorial wall.
- Is she the owner? - Yes.
Take a picture and upload it on your group chat.
They will be so surprised.
- My gosh. - This is amazing.
- I'm scared. - Send it right away.
- You're way prettier now. - I think so too.
- Right? - Yes.
I look prettier now.
All of you haven't changed.
- We haven't? - No, you haven't.
I feel nostalgic.
Of course you do. It's been 8 years.
You're right.
- Hello. - Hello.
(They bump into some villagers.)
- Hello. - It's me, Shin Young.
Why have you become so skinny?
(She remembers her correctly.)
You're very honest.
Isn't this the totem pole that was on your show?
- Yes, it is. - Yes, it is.
You really did a lot of work.
(They arrive at the house of "Invincible Youth".)
- Is this your base camp? - It's on the top.
This is the house of "Invincible Youth".
There is a picture of the cow I mentioned earlier.
- It's so cute. - Is somebody living here?
It's really cute.
- Nobody is here. - It's a great artwork.
My goodness. I feel like crying.
Did you use to stay here?
I really feel like crying.
This place hasn't changed.
- People visited here. - Look at this.
- It feels nostalgic. - Who wrote this?
Someone wrote, "Narsha is a loser."
(The visitors left memos at the entrance.)
(The house is holding the old memories...)
(of "Invincible Youth".)
- Hey. - My goodness.
This is our postbox.
- Ha Ra is crying. - I'm not.
If we cry too, it will look weird, right?
- Why would you cry? - I'm not crying.
(They feel like they traveled back in time.)
- It's here. - This...
- That's our faucet. - Yes.
Yuchi and Chanran...
- The puppies. - By the way...
(It's been 7 years since they left the house.)
(While they are wallowing in nostalgia,)
(someone is watching them.)
The location here is amazing.
There will be a subway station behind this house.
- A subway station? - Yes.
- It's on line one. - Subway?
Gangwon subway line will be built here.
Does the train come from Cheongnyangni?
It takes only 45 minutes from Cheongnyangni.
- Are you certified? - Come on. You know me.
She's so funny.
My goodness.
- My gosh. - Trust me.
It really is a good location.
Ha Ra is the only one who wallows in nostalgia.
- Ha Ra. - She's totally lost.
She's lost in memories.
(The memories are everywhere in the house.)
Hello.
We built all this.
This one as well.
We built them ourselves.
There used to be a cow here as well.
Still, it seems to be well-preserved so far.
I'm happy about it.
It's been eight years since we left.
This place brings back the old memories.
(And...)
(the identity of the girl slowly gets revealed.)
(She is coming.)
- Have a seat. - Let's sit.
It's...
- Look. - Why?
- My goodness. - Why?
- Hello. - Who is it?
- It's Chae Yeon. - Chae Yeon.
She's my partner.
(Jung Chae Yeon, a member of DIA)
- Your partner is here. - Finally.
It's your partner.
(Here's my partner.)
- You're my partner. - Let's pair up again.
- What do you mean? - No way.
Choose one whom you want to be your partner.
- What are you saying? - Turn around.
She's my partner! My goodness.
(They all line up in a row.)
She's my partner.
The one who answers her correctly will be chosen.
Ask them one question.
- Which group am I in? - Calendar!
- What? - That's wrong.
- Calendar. - It's not "Calendar".
- It's DIA. - You said "Calendar".
I didn't say "Calendar". I said "DIA".
(Let's hear it again.)
(He said it correctly, but the majority says not.)
- You said "Calendar". - "Calendar" is wrong.
- It's "DIA". - "Calendar" is wrong.
Make it into a multiple choice quiz.
It's a multiple choice quiz. Tell us the number.
- Tell us the number. - Number seven. DIA.
- Number seven is not DIA. - Me!
I know the answer!
- I know the answer! - Yes?
(I know the answer!)
DIA!
- Which number? - Say the number.
- You're out. - I know the answer.
You idiot. It's now a multiple choice quiz.
A half carat diamond.
A half carat diamond is expensive. You're out.
Let's start over.
(Chae Yeon's quiz restarts.)
Please ask us a question precisely.
How many members does my group have?
- I know. - Joon Ho.
- Joon Ho. - Joon Ho.
- I checked it earlier. - Go on.
- Six. - Incorrect!
- I know. - Joon Young.
Nine.
- Goodness. - I know! 10!
Tell us where you live before you say the answer.
- Did you say 9? - 10.
- Where do you live? - Ichon-dong.
- Nonhyeon-dong. - He just searched it.
- Ichon-dong. - Ichon-dong?
- 11. - 11? The answer is...
(The answer is...)
Joon Young guessed it correctly! It's nine!
- I was right? - Yes.
Narsha, you said those were back-up dancers!
You said the girls in the back are back-up dancers!
There are so many members?
She said the girls in the back were dancers.
- My gosh, Narsha. - What was your answer?
- He was watching a video. - At first,
I said it looked like they are nine.
And she said four of them were back-up dancers.
I said 5 because there were 5 in the front.
There's no point of doing this quiz.
Many of us already know the answer.
Joon Young turns out to be her partner anyway.
She's supposed to be my partner.
(Then rank us at least.)
Why do you talk so rudely?
Shin Young, please rank us.
- Now we're all paired up. - They're betrayers.
See? They're betrayers.
- Rank all six of us. - Really?
Shin Young, I'll get going.
- I... - Are you going already?
He doesn't want her to go home.
Please open the door for her.
I hate people like him.
Could you please take off the crown?
We'll rank you by our preference.
- Let's go for it. - Preference ranking.
- Preference ranking. - I'm suddenly excited.
- It's hot. - Chae Yeon is here.
- Take some rest. - Don't push yourself.
- Why? - Yu Ra, go see a doctor.
- Gu Ra, it's hot, so... - Did you say Gu Ra?
- Gu Ra? - It's Koo Ha Ra.
- Gu Ra? - That's not her name.
- Hey, Gu Ra. - Step aside.
We have the result of the preference survey.
- Okay. - Already?
I hope I win fourth place at least.
I'm sorry, but we only got first and last places.
- All right. - I see.
First place on Chae Yeon's preference ranking is...
(Who will it be?)
Yoon Dong Gu!
Really?
It's the person behind him. Cha Tae Hyun.
That's a relief.
If it's Tae Hyun, there's no problem.
I knew it.
- He's so popular. - He has three kids.
He's the most secure pick in the world.
It doesn't mean anything.
It's time to announce who placed last.
Who do you think is below you?
Me? Defconn is below me.
I think everyone is below me.
- Everyone? - Everyone.
Why is this person the least likable for you?
Tell us the reason first.
I felt like he would leave me behind.
- What a trashy man. - It must be Jong Min.
- Jong Min. - How could you do that?
(Everyone has different ideas.)
He's very likely to leave her behind.
This must be your destiny. Joon Young won last place.
What?
- My gosh. - Joon Young?
She thinks he will leave her alone.
She picked you.
You do have such an image.
- He won last place. - Who's my partner now?
Joon Young got the correct answer anyway.
Promise her that you won't leave her behind today.
- Promise her. - You're her partner.
I promise I won't abandon you.
- Thank you. - You're a couple now.
This place is originally our base camp,
but we can't stay here tonight, because...
the owner of the house has many private belongings.
We need to go to the place where we can sleep indoor.
We talked about it earlier.
- Driver Lee. - The manager who drives?
- Yes, he is Driver Lee. - Driver Lee.
- Let's get going. - Let's go.
It would have been nice to sleep here.
- Are you going home? - No.
Let's say those who sleep outdoors sleep here.
This is for outdoor sleepers.
- Chae Yeon. - Yes.
Let's go.
Let's go see Driver Lee.
What kind of person is he?
- He's meek. - He's a good dancer.
He's good at singing and dancing.
He's a very witty man.
He's very charismatic.
(Driver Lee is a great problem solver.)
- I wonder if he changed. - He'll be the same.
I wonder if he's still the same person.
- Driver Lee. - When we visit a village,
we need to see the most powerful people there...
- and say hi to them. - They have the most food.
- Let's go say hi to them. - This is what you like.
- You like leaders. - I do like leaders.
Look at the car.
We used to ride the tractor. Look at that.
- Driver Lee! - Driver Lee.
Rodriguez.
Driver Lee.
I can hear his voice.
(They have been looking forward to seeing him.)
- He's there. - Driver Lee!
Driver Lee!
He hasn't changed.
(We have been missing you.)
(It's been a long time!)
(We missed you so much.)
- My goodness. - Driver Lee.
(Who is this guy?)
(Let me give you a hug too.)
- My gosh. - Sir!
(They're like long lost family members.)
Get in here.
Sir!
My goodness.
I can't believe it.
(What on earth is going on?)
- Hi. - My goodness.
Welcome!
- My gosh. - Come here.
- Ma'am. - Sir!
It's nice to see you too.
We hugged seconds ago.
Sir, it's me.
Why are you on the verge of tears?
- It's been so long. - My gosh.
I'm so happy to see you.
Of course.
It's me, Ha Ra.
- Have you been well? - Yes.
He's already had a few drinks.
Have you been drinking?
- I bet it's makgeolli. - Yes, makgeolli.
He didn't drink.
He seems quite drunk.
He's not answering you.
- I see you're drunk. - I can smell it.
(My Shin Young!)
My gosh.
You should come inside.
It's fine.
They're from One Night Two Days.
Hi.
- We can sleep here. - My gosh.
Can we stay the night?
That's right.
It's fine.
You can stay as long as you want.
- Really? - It's been so long.
- That's right. - Can we stay?
Can we spend the night?
You can all stay.
- Great. - Thank you.
They came here to reminisce.
They wanted to see you so badly.
I heard that everybody is waiting...
at the village hall for you all.
- We should go then. - Right.
- Let's go. - She's always been...
great at moving things along.
We should go to the village hall then.
Of course.
- Let's go. - Right.
I'm still sad we didn't get to ride it.
(Next week)
(Joon Young's new found energy!)
(Young or old, we all feel awkwardness.)
(They put on a show for the village.)
(The virus is back.)
(I'll win you whatever you like.)
(It's okay. We have money.)
(Joon Young is a big spender...)
(when the money isn't his.)
(You'll be broke because of him.)
(Defconn worries even when the money isn't his.)
(Give me more money.)
(Tae Hyun is a contract spender.)
(The squander train heads to the arcade.)
(What's the secret these three harbor?)
(Tune in next week!)